README.md, before:

# **Viewmodel graphs/models are now obsolete due to AG2 release. Same will likely happen to playermodel graphs. The repo is being left in this state for preservation/reference reasons.**


CS2 Weapon Animgraph releases.
 To get the vdata/animgraph resources to show up, you may need to unhide the resources in assettypes_common.txt 
(Remove the "csgo" from m_HideForRetailMods in both vdata_asset and anim_graph). 
 Spawn custom animgraphed weapons with ent_create custom_weaponname or compile the vdata_polygon map.
 To edit animgraphs, you need the cutdown Dota 2 SDK with the Animgraph editor. Also includes decompiled weapon models and playermodel animgraphs.

WARNING!
This mod now includes direct replacement of game's playermodel T/CT animsets.
If you know what you're doing, remove OFF from extensions vmdlOFF and vanmgrphOFF in:
content/xrd200_rel/characters/models/shared/animgraphs and content/xrd200_rel/characters/models/shared/animsets.
This will compile the animsets and force their usage over the in-game ones!
![NVIDIA_Overlay_TVnXoEqiCK](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7c297012-a374-4284-9e09-8b4c94f36c0f)
![NVIDIA_Overlay_qrQWHW8gxq](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a4cfa97c-dc2a-47c3-85f0-1ce03c11928f)
 
![M1BYBRj2ln](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2bc3c931-ddfb-4b2a-9bf8-b2edc0f0c3cd)
![cs2_yCklBZ44qN](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/88c5211b-9002-46d9-a0ea-13902bcadfa6)
![cs2_H9QO16wN2K](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/339aeeed-77d4-41ea-8a70-f289964fa555)
![dotagrapheditor_kXsnixlt8y](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8591c3ec-e140-478f-bd72-882ebfaaf84e)
![dotagrapheditor_2iHCOHb9ce](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c1b40557-e3cf-404f-80ac-90de44254fa2)




![Source 2 Viewer](https://github.com/ValveResourceFormat/ValveResourceFormat) was used to decompile the weapon animations and a look into the compiled animgraphs.

Commit message:

Replace viewmodel animsets with new ones, include a character switcher map + script

README.md, after:

# **Viewmodel graphs/models are now obsolete due to AG2 release. Same will likely happen to playermodel graphs. Now only ships with playermodel graphs.**


CS2 Weapon Animgraph releases.
 To get the vdata/animgraph resources to show up, you may need to unhide the resources in assettypes_common.txt 
(Remove the "csgo" from m_HideForRetailMods in both vdata_asset and anim_graph). 
 Spawn custom animgraphed weapons with ent_create custom_weaponname or compile the vdata_polygon map.
 To edit animgraphs, you need the cutdown Dota 2 SDK with the Animgraph editor. Also includes decompiled weapon models # **(OBSOLETE)** and playermodel animgraphs.
 To use custom animgraphed playermodels, use the character_switcher map and compile a Pulse file.

Pulse file definition for assettypes_common.txt:
```pulse_graph = 
{
	_class = "CResourceAssetTypeInfo"
	m_FriendlyName = "Pulse Graph"
	m_Ext = "vpulse"
	m_IconLg = "game:tools/images/assettypes/vpulse_lg.png"
	m_IconSm = "game:tools/images/assettypes/vpulse_sm.png"
	m_CompilerIdentifier = "CompileKV3"
	m_bContentFileIsText = true
	m_Blocks = 
	[
		{
			m_BlockID = "DATA"
			m_Encoding = "RESOURCE_ENCODING_KV3"
		},
	]
}
```
![NVIDIA_Overlay_TVnXoEqiCK](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7c297012-a374-4284-9e09-8b4c94f36c0f)
![NVIDIA_Overlay_qrQWHW8gxq](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a4cfa97c-dc2a-47c3-85f0-1ce03c11928f)
 
![M1BYBRj2ln](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2bc3c931-ddfb-4b2a-9bf8-b2edc0f0c3cd)
![cs2_yCklBZ44qN](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/88c5211b-9002-46d9-a0ea-13902bcadfa6)
![cs2_H9QO16wN2K](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/339aeeed-77d4-41ea-8a70-f289964fa555)
![dotagrapheditor_kXsnixlt8y](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8591c3ec-e140-478f-bd72-882ebfaaf84e)
![dotagrapheditor_2iHCOHb9ce](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c1b40557-e3cf-404f-80ac-90de44254fa2)




![Source 2 Viewer](https://github.com/ValveResourceFormat/ValveResourceFormat) was used to decompile the weapon animations and a look into the compiled animgraphs.
